README.md, before:

# openshift-jenkins-s2i-config
Config repo used to build a customized OpenShift Jenkins image using [source to image (S2I)](https://github.com/openshift/source-to-image). The base OpenShift Jenkins S2I can be found at `registry.access.redhat.com/openshift3/jenkins-1-rhel7`. 

## Usage
While we could use S2I locally, we always expect this configuration to used with OpenShift, which can be done with the following command: `oc new-app openshift/jenkins~https://github.com/rht-labs/openshift-jenkins-s2i-config.git --name jenkins-master`

## Project Layout
Dictated by [the upstream documentation](https://github.com/openshift/jenkins/blob/master/README.md#installing-using-s2i-build) of the S2I base image.

## Retrieving Plugin Inventory
There is a [groovy helper script](helpers/writePluginFile.groovy) to retrieve this info. If you have [groovy installed](http://groovy-lang.org/download.html), you can run the script in the shell like a normal script bash or bat script. The script doesn't currently support CLI args, so you'll need to modify it directly. it leverages the pluginManager REST API and produces a `plugins.txt` in the working directory which you can move to the root directory if you like it.

## Contributing

See [the guide](https://github.com/rht-labs/api-design/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

### License
[ASL 2.0](LICENSE)

Commit message:

refactor the docs and helper scripts

README.md, after:

# Innovation Labs Jenkins Master Configuration
Config repo used to build a customized OpenShift Jenkins 2 image using [source to image (S2I)](https://github.com/openshift/source-to-image). The base OpenShift Jenkins S2I can be found at `registry.access.redhat.com/openshift3/jenkins-2-rhel7`.

## Usage
This Jenkins configuration is for a Jenkins 2.x master, using a master / agent architecture. Agents are provided as pods in k8s via the [k8s Jenkins plugin](https://github.com/jenkinsci/kubernetes-plugin) configuration in the OpenShift Jenkins base S2I image. Thus, this config doesn't define any build tools or the like, as they are the responsibility of agents.

This configuration should be used in combination with the out of the box OpenShift Jenkins templates, as demonstrated in [this example](https://github.com/sherl0cks/examples/tree/jenkins-ocp-templates/jenkins-ocp-templates).

## Project Layout
Dictated by [OpenShift Jenkins S2I image](https://github.com/openshift/jenkins/blob/master/README.md#installing-using-s2i-build)

## Retrieving Plugin Inventory
See [the other README](helpers/README.MD)

## Contributing

See [the guide](https://github.com/rht-labs/api-design/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

### License
[ASL 2.0](LICENSE)
